[Music]
[Applause]
is gavin going to be one minute late
he could be he'll be on
oh my god
incredible
there's a zero percent chance of
pleasantries ever occurring
which we've been over before i don't
want to bring up a good thing but
we haven't spoken i haven't talked to
gavin in a in a literal month it's been
a month since we talked hey gavin hi hi
this is but yeah i'm surprised i'm good
i'm okay i feel a little bloated if i'm
gonna be honest i cook french fries a
little too late to the recording and i
was trying to eat them as quickly as
possible because they need to do two of
these i also had a disgusting lunch it
was awful what was true did you have i
was i was panicking i had about 20
minutes i had to whip up some soup but
also i'm feeling a bit um drowsy so i
thought oh i'll get a coffee hot coffee
and hot soup absolutely foul i wouldn't
recommend it what if you okay here we go
combine both
put caffeine in the soup yeah
caffeinated soup caffeine saved me
quite a lot of time oh my god you just
didn't oh andrew can we do caffeinated
soup think about it i don't enjoy much
think about this oh my god you just
saved so much time this this could be
uniform i need to i'm going to get on
the phone with the uniform hq because
this could exist uh
what is this heat and yeah i don't
whatever that is i don't care uh
who cares about bone broth think about
it what are the two things you put in
thermoses you put hot coffee in a
thermos you put soup in a thermos boom i
like that eric just sent us a link
immediately establishing that this is
real and jeff just wants to ignore it
just pretend it doesn't exist ah i mean
that's it's bone broth bone broth isn't
a soup it's a it's a component of a soup
what is bone broth what is bone broth
yeah like what what
that's terrible
it
somebody put soup in a [__] coffee
machine
noodles
i did but that was
that was a good idea you did it no
there's something much grosser about
because there's vegetables well i guess
there were no the vegetables came in
later i don't know i guarantee you this
works then they just run hot water
through it and it's fine for sure i i
guess the question is what else do they
do
if you're doing that your line of what
you're gonna do is not the same as other
people i'm curious what other inventions
they have
not inventions like cooking processes
how are you doing jeff uh i'm good let's
do this real fast hello and welcome to
another episode of the face podcast my
name is jeff ramsey with as always
andrew panton and uh the other one gavin
free
of course nick and eric are somewhere in
the in the background they're being
quiet and hilarious in their own rights
and we haven't spoken as a trio in
exactly a month uh i've spent time with
andrew we invented a product we had to
stop talking because it was getting too
too podcasty uh spent some physical time
with gavin i'm still sore from it
i don't know how you feel
but uh we should dive into it uh
where do you guys wanna start i wanna
know why you're sore what was the
physical thing that you two did well was
there anything uh that we had planned a
month ago
andrew yeah but i don't think that's
happened yet the thing i'm thinking of
the baseballs no baseballs happened this
weekend what
is correct oh you guys did the bean hole
well
we did
some of the bean hole
that means we dug the hole
so you've done none of the bean hole
we did a very hard part of the bean hole
that's the whole that's exactly half of
the work it's in the name yeah i can't b
you can't have bean hole without hole
that's true but the whole you could do a
lot with that hole that hole doesn't
have to be a bean hole yet you got
options with that hole
let me just say
before we get into it [__] that hole
[__] that hole with everything i have
[__] my backyard
[__] my back
[__] the hammer
[__] the pry bar that was covered and my
hand hurts i got i just have rust
embedded in my fingers today gavin i was
making fun of you for whining about not
having a glove yesterday but today it's
just like my my fingers are on fire [__]
the shovel that we bent in half [__] the
broken wheelbarrow [__] the giant cinder
block we were trying to use [__]
everything today it's your tetanus
uh it's up to date i got a technical
last year nice yeah i'm good i'm good
are there any photos of this i'd love to
see your broken [__] wheelbarrow and
your brick like this is i don't
understand how there's a better coverage
of this event oh there's coverage
there's coverage to see it you want to
see coverage oh i want to see covered so
badly did we decide if i share my screen
can you hear it was that not a thing oh
no it was absolutely a thing we did but
i don't remember the results of it there
was a problem i think i don't think we
could well because it was the slow-mo
video right with uh jeff on the bike the
bike yeah we tried it then i don't
doesn't matter whatever what if i send
it to eric and eric can figure it out
while i do the uh talking part of face
that sounds great that sounds like a
good plan oh fun sure
also
i'll say uh we uh before we get into it
any further uh i will say we didn't
complete the bean hole i mean first off
you can't complete it in one day it's a
multi-day thing but uh there were a few
mitigating factors that made us stop a
one physical exhaustion
two uh i have to go out of town tomorrow
for the day and i didn't want to leave
my yard on fire and be
be on a road trip
that seemed irresponsible especially i
believe there's like texas has like a
permanent burn ban going on at all times
so i just i just didn't want to come
home to a pile of rubble or a
neighborhood on fire
uh however i we haven't talked about
this with you yet eric i don't think or
nick but i think gavin and i decided
after we dug the hole since we're gonna
be hitting baseballs all afternoon on
sunday anyway wouldn't it be great if to
to uh to celebrate all the 350 dingers i
hit
uh come on i'm back to jeff's house and
we can all eat some beans together yeah
that sounds fun
gavin and i were thinking
andrew we'll mail you some beans great
uh gathered and i were thinking maybe
maybe saturday morning we'll get up
early saturday morning and pop the beans
in the hole and you know set [__] on
fire and stuff and then uh and then by
the time we finish it in baseballs 24
hours later they'll be cooked i think
it's a phenomenal idea um
eric thoughts i'm for it uh i can't
think of anything more quenching after
350 baseballs than beans that have been
sitting in your yard for a day more
quenching than coffee and soup though
yes yeah i mean it's probably i'll be
honest probably going to be pretty close
[Laughter]
[Music]
have you just swung a baseball bat 350
times come get these red hot beans
you have to do work to get out of the
ground
you know that feeling when you're so
tired and dehydrated and hot where is
that feeling that you get really where
water just tastes so amazing and you
just love every second of it going down
your gullet i cannot imagine that with
beans i really don't think we're gonna
be able to get this
uh there's no que there's no thirst
quench quite like a bean quench
[Laughter]
so
just trying to understand the mechanics
of this you're gonna so you put the
beans in the hole once you make the
beans you put them in a pot
pot goes in the hole you then have to
fill the hole again correct
yeah so what you do is you put them in a
cast iron like a dutch oven then you
triple seal it with uh with like uh
saran wrap not straight up but tin foil
and uh aluminum foil and then you pour
hot coals all over it and then
you seal that into the ground and then
put a couple feet of dirt on top of it
okay so you're gonna have to re-dig the
hole after all this as well uh yeah for
sure okay
and how deep is the hole how deep is the
hole uh gavin how deep is the hole
he might be measuring it right now i
think he left the measure where did he
go i have no idea
maybe he's dinkling he's getting his
dinklage's stick
it's big how many yeah how many what
would you guess are you incapable of
guessing how deep the hole is uh i have
a pretty good idea how deep the hole is
i was just trying to work i was trying
to work gavin into it for a reason i'll
show you here in a second okay uh i was
trying to work gavin into it because of
what's going on in this photo that i'm
posting to the discord right now
what am i looking at you're looking at a
guy with a gas powered leaf blower five
feet from me blowing leaves in my
backyard that i didn't know my
girlfriend's scheduled somehow during
the podcast so i was trying not to i was
trying not to talk for a second
gavin are you here uh
oh
is somebody printing the lost
are you okay well i've just realized
this computer's been on for
well a month without being used and it's
really
it's really struggling to open slack i'm
trying to oh [__] you oh
the whole video and it's just
it sort of loads a new piece and then i
can't hear anything for a minute and
then it loads a little bit more welcome
to my world
this is great
andrew to my computer while i've been
away andrew i think you've just done it
by being away i can't take credit for
that
okay i i i'd say the hole's two feet
deep what do you think that's it all of
that [__] every all of that
you dig
two feet
i'm gonna tell you i'm gonna tell you
what i told gavin in the moment when i
was between breaths
every scene in every movie where
somebody gets murdered or accidentally
hit by a car and they have to cover it
up by digging a
a real grave to put the body in in the
woods at night like lit by a car
is [__] it is impossible to dig a
human-sized hole [__] you every director
in the history of film who has put that
into a movie you're a [__] liar who's
never dug a [__] hole in your [__]
life that's what i'll suggest i'll also
say this too because they're my entire
house
sorry kevin let me cut you off but my
entire house is built on rock i
guarantee you
more murders go solved in texas because
of the ground than any other state
well yeah in films i feel like it would
be really easy to get an accurate
representation because you know the
actors stood next to the hole they've
just in quotes dug i probably actually
stood next to just two people from the
art department who actually just dug the
hole so just mimic what they're doing
and you'd have an accurate
representation
they have tools
what's yours
wait can we recap what you had for your
two foot hole
why don't you watch the video i'd love
to watch the video oh my god okay i'm
gonna see if this works oh boy it's only
about a minute
yeah okay we're gonna notify we have
okay we're gonna see what happens here
we go can everyone everyone see feet
uh hold on yeah okay swap over oh i can
see feet yeah watch stream okay here it
comes this will be on our youtube page
[Laughter]
the well-prepared tool of a hammer
if you put a shoe on that pot it would
be above ground
that was like a heist movie where like
everything like a comedy heist film
where literally everything goes wrong
that was amazing that was a an hour down
to about a minute i was about to say
what'd you have about 60 minutes of
footage there oh yeah i had at least 50
something minutes
can i can i ask a question
yeah
why did you try to dig through the rock
yeah why not instead of another hole you
like around like around it we were
having trouble digging around and we
didn't know how big it was so then we
thought
what if we split it in half and then
just dig it up in pieces oh what it's
still like the worst
like you're [__] andy dufresne trying
to get through a rock like well i don't
understand
yeah and unfortunately we didn't have
any spoons
did you not
have either of you two idiots they're
helping us oh i would have just said
let's dig a different hole we're three
shoved we're three shovels into this
rock
here man we didn't it was a while before
we realized
yeah in in retrospect should we the
second we hit that rock
have stopped of course we should have
gone to a different spot of the yard
although i got to be honest with you
there were at least three rocks that
size in the vicinity of that because we
touched them all i have no uh
i'm pretty certain that there's a rock
every six inches like that in my yard so
it wouldn't have mattered we would have
just had a bunch of third dug holes yeah
the whole place is like natural bean
hole prevention yeah
i just there was not even an like i
understand what you're saying but the
fact that there wasn't even an attempt
at a whole two is what is wild to me not
that you're not right like you could be
totally right but i don't understand
being married to that hole do you know
why we found the second rock when i go
there's another rock here the third rock
it's because we decided to shift the
whole over away from the second rock and
as we did that like the whole you don't
notice it but it gets bigger at the end
because we did essentially what you're
saying andrew we
stretched the hole out to the right and
hit another [__] rock
you just you're just making that hole
wider that's not a different hole you're
just extending
your base hole i'd move to a completely
different part of the yard
it would be the same result dude i don't
know if you know that
i'm pretty sure based on the video i
just saw i don't think you're an expert
in this field in any way there's
zero opinion you could just have without
trying that i believe based on your
expertise well here's what we're gonna
have to do uh to so that i can respect
your opinion on holes we're gonna need
you to turn in a video of you digging a
hole showing us how it's done maybe do
like a bob vela you know uh
like home improvement style video
explaining how to properly dig a hole as
canadians do if listen it has to be in
your yard first of all because it's
every terrain is different so if we're
like really comparing if we're trying to
make my point
accurate it's that you could have dug a
much easier better hole with a lot less
effort so it have to be in your yard
it's
challenging in a million ways i think by
the time we've done the actual bean hole
and eating the beans
it it'll be enough for like a full half
an hour episode on our youtube channel
experience because there's so much
footage
i can't wait to put the beans yet i
can't wait for another food review where
i just watch you guys all eat and talk
about how good the food is that's going
to be great a follow-up that's our whole
that's the gimmick well as we know you
will not set foot in the u.s until
after june
[Laughter]
and if you did come to the u.s in june
it wouldn't be vegas that's for sure
not till the fall
that was that supplemental was great and
it's hard to believe that there's 20
minutes before
i think just like i don't know if
sometimes people miss them we we release
supplemental content sometimes and it's
generally on our feed i think it almost
always is but if you haven't listened to
it there's a supplemental that is just
titled eric's job i believe of just us
trying to schedule
the block of episodes we had to do as
well as something in the future and it's
that was 45 minutes long
i need you i just need to i i need to
share this
i saw jeff yesterday before he dug a
hole for beans
and then
he asked
why we scheduled so much
in one week
like he wasn't in the recording
and then we released the thing
where we all agreed when it would be
scheduled
we scheduled
two faces a bean hole
mvp2 watch along and baseballs all in
seven days and we're gonna do all of it
but one when it's all said and done we
you almost cancelled bean hall but we uh
i tried half of it yeah i i was just
happy that all of my stuff
worked out i got back in time i was
available for all of those
super in the future calendar invites and
uh that it was gonna be jeff in the end
who was gonna cancel it
i i did have to cancel the mvp too i
apologize for that i will accept all the
blame for that one but i am i am
devoting my entire weekend to beans and
baseballs and uh so i feel like there's
redemption in that alone jeff felt so
bad about canceling mvp2 on friday he
texted me personally about it
yeah like out of character
yes
it's uh i'm excited we'll eventually
watch it we'll get there we'll do it
next week
okay i i watched the first one because
you said in passing gavin i feel like
you're joking that i need to record like
a recap for you guys to get into part
two to know where the story's going i
wanted you to edit the movie down into
like yeah
oh there's this one i'm doing with my
recording i took notes i watched it with
notes i'm ready i'm ready to record a
three-minute version of mvp
that was not a throwaway comment that is
uh that's a necessity what's happening
[Applause]
today's episode is sponsored by honey
the easy way to save when shopping on
your iphone or computer i love to shop
online it's essentially the only way i
do shop i hate going into stores but
when i shop online i never have a promo
code ready thanks to honey manually
searching for coupon codes is a thing of
the past honey is the free shopping tool
that scours the internet for promo codes
that applies the best one it finds to
your cart how it works imagine you're
shopping on one of your favorite sites
when you check out the honey button
appears and all you have to do is click
apply coupons wait a few seconds as
honey searches for coupons it can find
for that site if honey finds a working
coupon you'll watch the prices drop
i personally use honey all the time it's
fantastic it's so easy to use it allows
you to save money times you don't even
expect it i recently bought some clothes
and i saved money on that it's a great
service
honey doesn't just work on desktop it
works on your iphone too just activate
it on safari on your phone and save on
the go
if you don't already have honey you
could be straight up missing out and by
getting it you'll be doing yourself a
solid and supporting the show so thank
you very much i'd never recommend
something i don't use get honey for free
at jointhoney.com face that's
joinhoney.com
face this podcast is sponsored by better
help online therapy relationships take
work a lot of us will drop anything to
go help someone we care about we'll go
out of our way to treat other people
well but how often do we give ourselves
the same treatment investing yourself is
super important it's the thing that i
have struggled with at times
i've found different ways to do it games
video games have been really helpful
movies there's a place where i used to
live i used to go walk there just walks
can be great to clear your head but this
month better help online therapy wants
to remind you to take care of your most
important relationship the one you have
with yourself whether it's hitting the
gym making time for your haircut or even
trying therapy you are your greatest
asset so invest the time and effort into
yourself like you do for other people
i've talked about this every time with
this ad as well if you're somebody who
is on the fence or considering therapy i
would highly recommend
you try it it was something that was
very helpful for me it was something
that i was reluctant to do initially but
i i did it and i found it to be
incredibly helpful
and sorting through things that i didn't
necessarily even realize i needed to
sort through so if it's something that
you're opening or considering please
give it a try better help is online
therapy that offers video phone and even
live chat sessions with your therapist
so you don't have to see anyone on
camera if you don't want to it's a much
more affordable than in-person therapy
and you can be matched with a therapist
in under 48 hours give it a try and see
why over 2 million people have used
better help online therapy the podcast
is sponsored by better help and face
listeners get 10 off their first month
at betterhelp.com face
that's b e t t
h
dot com face
thank you you like podcasts did you know
there's a podcast festival at rtx austin
this year podcasts of all kinds will be
going to austin texas july 1st through
3rd to do live recordings of their shows
and you could be there add some fun to
your summer plans come see your favorite
podcast in person to discover new
favorites at rtx austin rtx austin takes
the best in podcasts and gaming and
animation and brings it all to austin
texas for one unforgettable weekend head
on over to bit.ly slash rtx austin 22 to
grab your badge for rtx austin and get
ready for a weekend filled with the best
of podcasts and gaming and animation
that's bit.ly slash rtx austin22 to get
your badge today see you in austin july
1st through 3rd
and we were speaking about about
childhood we should talk about the
donkey kong 64 bet because we haven't
actually talked about the conclusion
oh yeah what a show what are all the
dangling comedic threads we have to we
have to pull and wrap up here we have
the that bet for sure anything else out
there
well i i also want an update on uh
andrew's mom's butt plugs okay you have
an update on that yeah survey update the
the survey is continuing to happen
every once in a while we'll be talking
and then she'll just be like yeah i ask
this person
uh
and they do i will say it's been a roll
of do not know what it is it's been
quite the chain i think the last four
people haven't heard of butt plugs
and are these the last four people are
they all uh around your mom's age like
in her uh yeah still yeah they're all
all around the same age i think there is
generational butt plug blindness you
think so
yeah
funny enough that's what butt plugs
originally were supposed to cure it was
blindness
it wrapped around a little medical cure
that's the funniest joke you've ever
said oh that's good that's good
[Laughter]
so donkey kong donkey kong donkey kong
so donkey kong was a journey so just to
recap what the bet was it's going to be
very weird for people because this will
just be like nothing's ever changed and
we haven't spoken in a month um
what was i had 48 hours right to beat
all of donkey kong was it 44 and i could
ask for four more hours within the first
six or some [__] i feel like i got
tricked i'm just going to say that i
agree i feel like
this let me talk about how big of a
[__] [__] gavin is for a minute
just let me pivot to this so i start i
start the stream i had i was furious
with you and it's not your fault it was
bad timing not a real comment
i started the stream and i don't know if
you remember this gavin but apparently
there is no gameplay audio when i
streamed to you as just andrew the
donkey kong guy i could have swore there
was
but i didn't change anything
and there was no game audio at the start
of the stream so i get ready to go i
we've been talking about it i launch at
midnight on saturday
i'm going to play nobody can hear
anything i've no idea what's wrong i
didn't realize this would be an issue
everything's broken i'm trying to figure
it out it takes me 50 or so minutes to
figure out why it's not working i have
to download an application for it
apparently streaming game audio through
obs is a nightmare so i had to install
all these plugins so then i eventually i
get the game audio going that's working
but i've burped my first hour so i don't
even start donkey kong until 1am so then
i start playing and we're playing it's
going well i'm playing through the game
and uh the audio stops working once
again and i was like ah this is that's
an annoying thing and i'm checking
through my settings it's not obs
it's specifically with the emulator i'm
using and i can't do anything to fix it
so i thought oh you know what i'll this
is i'd want this to be the best
experience possible for the people i'll
save my game and i'll reboot my emulator
and then we'll go back to it they'll
have audio so i do all that and it
doesn't remember my save file so i
played for one hour
first hour 12 to 1 technical
difficulties play for an hour one to two
the audio breaks i lose my save file i'm
back at the beginning in that window of
time in which i had reset the game i've
been trying to play for two hours at
this point i take the stream offline for
like three minutes to reboot it and
gavin texts me hey where's my stream you
told me you'd be streaming this where is
it and i'm like you [__] i'm
resetting it for a minute and i'm pretty
sure i'm going to lose all my progress
go [__] yourself that's where my stream
is
it's only uh this had happened before
and we warned you about this shitty
emulator setup yeah and uh
and what you just decided it would be
fine this time well i think what you
told us was this is the easiest solution
and i've already done it and i know it
works to be fair okay so there was i i
think there is a way to save i just
don't know how to do it i had changed
the emulator i was using control s
uh previously and i i think there is a
controller that was funny um
i just can't i don't know i need to
figure that out so anyway that increases
the risk for me because if at any point
my emulator crashes my computer like the
power goes off for a minute if my
emulator goes down i lose all of my
progress no matter where i'm at i cannot
save i need to keep everything going
so i played
i think from 2am until 8am
fell asleep
woke up two hours later and didn't sleep
again the rest of the way it took me 29
hours to beat donkey kong 64. i think i
played like 26 of those 29 hours
uh
it was a grind 26 hours to be it that
was not the quoted time that you said no
it was okay so what i realized is
the game [__] sucks i already knew
that it's a terrible game
in the middle of this experience i had
the realization that i don't think i've
hated anybody's childhood more than
gavin's between the tuxedo
and donkey kong 64. uh your childhood
was atrocious as far as i did you can't
they're not together like i didn't like
the tuxedo but i loved donkey kong but
it's all part of your childhood
everything we keep dabbling into your
childhood and everything about it stinks
it's not fun it's um
the game is atrocious so how it works is
you need bananas you need golden bananas
to open doors and then you need a
certain number of level bananas that are
different colors for each character to
fight the boss of the level
so i just once i had enough golden
bananas which i was able to do in the
first two or three levels
i just sped run through the game
collecting the bananas to fight the
bosses so they're like the last three
levels i didn't even really play i was
just collecting bananas to get there and
it was just painful by the end of it i
think 80 of the way through
i lost game audio again people are like
where's the audio and i was like i'm so
sorry i cannot i can't risk this because
it is
one of the worst games i played in a
really long time it is painfully bad
it's tedious it's just terrible i cannot
afford my soul does not have another
reset in me
75 of the way through so it's like
trying to land a plane that is duct
taped together i was so worried that the
like the first sign of the emulator
crashing was gonna be that the audio
goes out then i got stuck on a boss that
requires audio cues so that was fun for
like
50 minutes
i figured that out eventually is that
the canon into the thing the cardboard
cut out yeah it's the cardboard cutout
boss luckily there's a pattern that is
also visual but all of the guides are
like yeah just listen for this sound and
then i was like you're [__] this is i
might be stuck here i might not be able
to do this i have no audio uh i get
through that it is now 5 a.m alden ring
is a really popular game right now i
feel like the creator of those dark
souls games was a big donkey kong 64 fan
because the final boss is such [__]
it is horrendous it's a cool it's a cool
background i i wouldn't know because
i've never i never got to that as a kid
and i've never beaten the game but i've
seen videos and uh it's a
five-round fight made up of smaller
rounds and if you lose at any point you
have to start the entire fight again you
basically have to play as donkey kong
diddy kong tiny kong and if you lose
then you're all the way back to donkey
kong
yeah
it is a lot of staying alive to get to
that point so it's five rounds you have
to play as each kong if you die at any
point there's no checkpoint you have to
go back to the beginning it probably is
like a 10 to 15 minute boss fight in its
entirety so doing this at like 5 a.m i'm
exhausted i'm so sick of these [__]
kongs i'm having to restart over and
over it was so bad gavin texted me like
this is this is bad this is terrible um
but i got through it i beat it sunday i
think it was like 5 a.m my time and i
won the bet undefeated in gaming related
bets
this is where i was uh watching it from
uh
that is
ah were you on your way to england yep i
was watching it from my living room it
was pretty cool that was me landing at
heathrow and i just whipped it on dude
that's awesome it's the things that
break your so as gavin said the reason
in the past he never beat it because you
have to replay three levels of the
original donkey kong in a row to get a
coin that you need to progress through
the story and it sucks it's a difficult
game to play he could never finish it
and it took me a while it took me i want
to say 80 minutes or so
to beat this thing and it was very
stressful
and i'm so excited i was like yeah i
[__] did it like finally like this is
one of the hurdles to get through one of
the toughest parts of this thing they
make you do it twice you have to do it
twice in a row i forgot about that it
was so deflating to do it and get
essentially nothing for it and then
immediately just be like yeah do it
again just do it again for no reason
it's pretty sadistic game it [__]
sucks how long did it take you to do the
final boss uh the final boss took me
probably an hour how many times do you
think he died in the process
uh
probably like five or six i'd say
it was i think in a different it's the
fear of my emulator resetting everything
as i got further into the game that part
of it became more stressful so it's 5
a.m i'm stressed and just trying to get
through that was a nightmare we really
tried to steer you away from putting
yourself in that situation but you were
adamant about it you were yeah no it's
that was i'm not i'm not blaming anybody
for that part of it that's my [__] up
but it was fun to do overall my only
problem with this stream and the
previous halo ones that you guys have
done
is i love to get in and watch them and i
watched way more of this one than i
commented on because anytime i get in
the chat and try to talk to people
they just accuse me of not being me and
then i have to jump through hoops to try
to convince people that i am me and i
just give up i'm tired of it i'm just
gonna come up with i'm just gonna go in
as a different name
it's like i can't ever have a
conversation without getting yelled at
by 30 people to stop pretending to be me
i'm the same way i think uh who was it
that banned me from their twitch chat
i don't remember what it was it was
maybe it was
it was like years ago a reddit post or
something where i was posting as me and
they didn't believe it was me so i had
to take a photo of myself holding like
what day it was it was this insane
verification pro it felt like a hostage
situation it was absurd it was just for
some nonsense take that had like zero
relevance to anything it's just [__]
ugh
yeah that was fun so i won the bet you
need to wear 64 pieces of clothing on an
rt podcast at some point i get to pick
one of those pieces of clothing i'm
going to be i kind of have an idea
right now but i'll talk to jeff about it
i'd love to get his opinion on it so
this is actually great because i have
been on the rt podcast twice this week
uh because this week wasn't busy enough
so i said [__] it i'll go on some other
people's podcast too uh so i had to do
the rt podcast twice this week and both
times because it was different casts
people have said so gavin he doesn't
come on the rt podcast anymore and i got
to go well i know he'll be on at least
once more
i can guarantee that
very accurate well [__] um hmm
it's gonna be a sweaty one i believe as
soon as i won gavin immediately texted
me i need to buy some ties
we'll figure that out though i have an
idea i'd like to hear your thoughts
though jeff and uh at some point
at some point gavin will be wearing 64
pieces of clothing that's very exciting
a socks two or one uh what do you mean
like is there pair one or just a two
seconds oh
no one sock is a sock so if you have a
pair of socks there's two socks yeah
yeah wow generous everybody just
disagrees i think that's fair i think
that's like i'd be breaking what a sock
is like it's just i'd be changing the
definition at that point eric why do you
have such a problem with that because
it's a pair of socks because you don't
wear
yeah but they say they say pair of pants
too okay yeah like if i if i put on one
glove am i wearing half of clothes right
but but you don't typically you could
typically wear one glove you can wear
one glove doing something typically two
socks are worn okay so a pair of socks i
think a pair of glasses what if you've
only got one leg
for
for a podcast that's so hung up on
regulation i think it's very strange to
draw the line where
the two socks
are individual things instead of one
especially after we sold socks and we
had to sell them together so i don't
understand what the issue like to me it
doesn't matter but if you buy
it's two socks
yeah nick says isn't a pair two things
yeah right yes but
but again typically when things are
regulation worn it's two socks or one
item
i mean i
i have no dog in this fight i have no
problem acquiescing this that's what
what do i what do i have to wear all the
things that's fine i'm just saying that
that's how it feels to me i feel like
i'm talking to me like this is the
reverse like i'm on the other side for
some one of these things you know yeah
yeah yeah i understand how to say but i
don't know why
go ahead jeff i just eric's eric's
argument is persuasive i think i might
be on their excitement i don't think i
might be on their side now how often are
you walking around with one sock that's
my thing i don't think the thing is you
can't go up to someone and say hey throw
me that socks
[Laughter]
what can you say gavin what would be the
appropriate have you ever asked anything
it was socks plural or that sucks i feel
like no matter like no matter what word
you use that's still a weird sentence to
say to you you are
you're getting hung up on the thing that
you're not wearing i am hung up on the
thing that you are wearing where it is
two socks are typically counted like
they're one item
a pair a pair of socks is like what you
don't typically wear one sock that's
what i'm saying again they can be
individual one sock can be one sock i i
say go for it i'm just i'm saying that
in terms of an outfit it just it's
strange to me i think you're completely
right but i think
by definition if somebody was like
if are you agreeing with me and then
telling me
that no so i'm agreeing with i'm
agreeing with the point you're saying
but i'm disagreeing with its use in this
context i'm agreeing with what you're
saying in the sense of like
if someone buys
a sock is like two socks is sold as an
individual item it's one but in the
context of if gavin were to put one sock
on we wouldn't we wouldn't consider that
a half an item
i'll say this andrew that was spoken
like a true internet lawyer yeah yeah
yeah are you still certified up on the
website oh i'm still getting updates all
the time for hire judge i get like two a
week
that's such a throwback
over a year ago plus
it's really easy to get in it's deep
lore and deeply i think eric is
more like andrew than he was when we
started face i think andrew is rubbed
off on him i definitely think that
there's i think that i lean into it in
this show because regulation is so
important for this for for face jam or
any other show who cares for this show
regulation is apparently the most
important thing in the [__] world so
i i'm just trying to figure out what the
regulation sock is you know what eric i
i agree with you i think that's correct
i think regulation is the most important
thing in this show
i think regulation is a sock
eric would you be able to arrange me a
fan for whenever we do that podcast do
you want you want like somebody to come
and cheer you on or you want something
to blow area probably the air thing okay
yeah yeah yeah i'll get you i'll get you
one of those little ones like you know
like the little fan that you hold like
like a drink like uh
yeah like a head like takes a triple a
battery type fan
oh you talk about like a paper fan
i think socks came out i don't think
something i think this the clothing has
to be surface
level like it has to appear
like you couldn't wear like 20 pairs of
underwear
what if you wear them over your pants
then that's allowed as long as it's a
building up and not down
i can't wear 20 underwear well as long
as they're in front of the pants i think
is the regulation well does the does the
initial pair of under the initial pair
of underwear accounts
like underwear account pants count and
then anything over pants counts okay
cool cool
but you can't go underwear underwear
underwear pants gavin which maybe you
normally do and if you do i wouldn't i
would understand because if i had the
same body issues you do but uh but they
won't count in this sense yeah i don't
think i've done that since i had food
poisoning that one time
god i had food poisoning gloves for
individual fingers
why would they make that
unless it's like one of those shitty
like oh look at how wacky i am i got
finger gloves you know what if you start
talking individual finger gloves i'm
definitely going over to eric's side
not that [__]
look it's a bet against andrew i have to
loophole this somehow
i've got to do what he would do that's
true that's a good point i don't know 64
paper crowns from christmas crackers
you couldn't fit 64 crayons on your head
um
seems like a challenge there's a zero i
couldn't fit one on my head it's a
nightmare the christmas cracker crown
head is way too big for that
[Music]
i'm gonna text you
the thing that i was thinking of jeff
and i'll just get your immediate live
reaction the podcast
next time well i guess we're recording
too so next week or whenever we record
again
not net next episode
we'll lock it in i'll find something
that we could definitively share but
this is sort of where my head's at
just the the top part of what i just say
it's my initial thought
oh oh pulling it up right now
and i guess you should probably oh yeah
oh i'm yes okay excellent excellent
excellent excellent i i i'm glad you're
going in this direction okay oh man
that's not good for me that's i had that
thought at some point and yeah this is
you're brilliant this is great that's
really really great
fantastic
when do i find out
uh
10 minutes before the podcast probably
next week we'll we'll do it i have if we
want to talk about deep lore
i have an update i had something happen
in my life that that connects
all the way back to the first episode of
this podcast oh
real reach i got my hair cut oh
congratulations i haven't got my hair
cut since december of 2019 i got my hair
cut it was a process this whole time
you've had really long hair yeah it's
gotten progressively longer with this
show i haven't had a single haircut
because i was way serious yeah
are there photos no
no photos
god what that means that means i haven't
seen you since we started face oh wait
before that
yeah i know but i know in real life but
i i haven't even seen you like on video
or on a picture
the entire time we've had this oh no
it's my hair was like between my
shoulder blades it was long i've been
picturing you all wrong this whole time
it's my my hair got you the final straw
was i was having issues where i'd go to
like bring my neck up like i'd get to
lift my head and i wouldn't realize my
hair was trapped behind my back and i'd
whip my head back into the pillow i was
giving myself whiplash just like i'm
[__] i hate everything about this i'm
done but as as we start stated in the
first episode my guy was in
a retirement home which has been very
difficult to get into
during the pandemic it's been a very
restrictive part but unfortunately for
me
uh he retired so i had to get a new guy
did he go out to a farm out west with
lots of space to run around in he did
i think he actually just moved upstairs
i think since he was already there he
just took a took a place on
the building but i got i got my hair cut
and i went completely the other way i
went from a retirement home to a place
that has like graffiti yard on the walls
and skateboards and it's the vibe is
couldn't be further from the other thing
it was great
i think the vibe of the retirement home
is closer to your personal vibe you
think so
all the people magazines and royalty
[__] on the thing
people cooking
noodles and their
[Laughter]
kettles but uh
so i had that happen and it feels great
to have short hair again i hated it
blowing my mind i really can't believe
that every time i've been listening to
you on my face you've had long hair oh
it's been so long blew my mind not only
is he had long hair i bet he's had
luscious locks i bet he's like swung it
out of his eyes suggestively a few times
when he laughed in the podcast we had no
it's really curly
uh it was sort of curly yeah it was just
it was very long and annoying i hated
looking down made looking down an
annoyance it was terrible uh yeah i
hated it too i did it as well for a bit
yeah i didn't wait an extra year though
like you did
it's just it's not good so i have a new
guy i bet you look like glenn danzig
with long hair
i don't know why
oh yeah
anyway how's your new guy
you guys great but on the way
on the i was like walking around because
i got there too early so i was like i'm
just gonna kill some time so looking at
the different stores and i walked past
this sign for this bagel place called my
hubby's bagels i had like a cute little
logo and i was like oh a nice like a
local a new bagel place going in this
could be great i thought it seemed
really cute i was excited about the
bagel place uh jeff just supposed to
that actually isn't all that far off
you're actually pretty this is pretty
accurate you're right it did look very
much like that um
that's quite the forehead
it is
that's a fantastic forehead but um
i was walking around i found that in my
hubby's bagel place
and it seemed really cute and so when i
came home
i was looking at on twitter or whatever
and i was like oh that's cool
uh i would like updates on this place
because i like to get bagels from them
whenever they open it seems like a sweet
local place so i followed them
i didn't think much of it i was telling
uh i told like some of my my friends
about i was like i encountered this cute
bagel place and then like three or four
days pass
and somebody somebody said to me oh so
you followed the bagel place on twitter
and i was like what that's a weird
yeah yeah i did but like why why are you
bringing this up three days later
um what ended up happening was uh i
accidentally followed the bagel place on
the facepod twitter account
i didn't know
i didn't know i signed in as that
because twitter is great you can have
multiple accounts you need to swap
between the two
i was signed in on the facebook twitter
account and somebody commented to your
account why do you follow six people and
one of them is my hobbies bagels
so if you look
if you look at our twitter account it's
like it's myself
eric
jeff gavin
like the rooster t store maybe it's like
one other it's a company thing and then
just my hubby's bagels
they have 23 followers and one of them
is facebook well you gotta leave that on
there or oh i can't take it off i can't
take it off the reply was to the person
you like what
[Laughter]
that's amazing do they sell t-shirts i
don't they're not even open yet they're
just they don't like i don't think that
ever works like putting your twitter
handle on your store like who i was i'm
thinking like who actually ever goes and
follows those but you do you're one of
those people
well it's just i would like to know when
they open so it just seemed convenient
like i don't know i'm not like gonna be
in that area all that often so i was
like this will be this would be great
i'll be able to check this out whenever
you were hoping for a future of uh
haircuts and bagels is like a package
yeah like a one two like a one two get
some bagels going get my hair cut but
it's just it was so funny i was so i
felt so dumb that i followed and i can't
wait for their perspective they haven't
followed back to my knowledge
um
but we can hope that's such an exclusive
slot
no idea
dude i just posted their website bagels
look good they're gonna be more info
posted soon yeah
they look great it just seemed like a
cute like gay couple what their biggest
shop it's great what if we're a bagel
podcast now i'm absolutely a bagel guy
so it would make sense i feel like this
is what we should do when as soon as we
come to see you andrew maybe that's
where we'll have our first breakfast
how are we going to miami's bagels yeah
that's a great idea before we go
crabbing we'll go we'll eat bagels i
wanted everything bagel i think those
are raisins eric that is just too many
raisins like why would you have so many
raisins with a with a baked good
that's a lot of there's a raisin bagel
there i think it's a raisin bagel i
think it's like a style it's supposed to
be like a look at these raisins like
these are the ingredients not like yeah
150 raisins no it's not like fresh
ingredients right i assume so i think
they're trying to be like this is the
five these are the fresh raisins because
they also they also put the cream cheese
[__] first off [__] cream cheese
right they put the cream cheese in a
glass container like who the [__] does
that also [__] glass but that's a whole
conversation for later [__] glasses
yeah nobody's gonna eat that much
cinnamon unless they're doing a tick
tock challenge
so you have a problem with glass next
episode [__] glass
i don't want to talk about this we got
too much other stuff talking about
[__] glass
i'm just sick of it
how was this how was europe
gavin how was that oh it was good good
times source of a source of family i
when i got back i actually went to um
i went to tumble 22 nice little chicken
place
uh
nashville hot chicken if you're
wondering it's delicious
yeah and the waitress there was uh
she mentioned that she was listening to
face and i realized it my favorite thing
in the world is when someone who is
currently working has to say that they
like a podcast called face it just
sounds so funny in like in a
professional environment like oh can i
get these out of your way do you want
this thing it's like by the way really
love face
let people around listening
it's so good
and it wasn't like a just a generic like
oh it's a good podcast it was she was
literally like right up to date she was
complaining about how terrible your list
was andrew of twenty thousand things and
i was like that's like damn that's like
the most recent one to come out she's
really up to date she told gavin he
salad creamed the list
yeah and then we were talking jeff and i
were talking about how it's so fun that
we have like our own little language
almost amongst the
the listeners yeah like the like the the
i would love to see like a face
dictionary with all the face verbs like
face
it's salad cream
uh
i wonder i wonder what bagel will be a
verb for some day post the photos in the
chat of they have 23 followers and us
and the second one is what who facebook
[Laughter]
oh
we've got to go there we've got to go to
the list of the
list of things we've got to do
not to go there
oh my god
we have to spend more than a week there
i feel like andrew you're secretly
dreading us eventually showing up
um in your hometown i think you're gonna
hate it do you like why do you think
that do you think i think that or do you
think i will end up hating it no i don't
think i don't think you should hey i
just think you're you're dreading that
moment i get the same when we're
actually nearby really no it's not it's
the opposite because i feel i'm gonna
get validated first of all about my door
situation that'll be the first thing
i feel it's gonna be a very validating
trip for me because i think you're going
to be on board with that then you're
going to actually go into my place and
realize the [__] hall of mirrors that
i live in and how absurd
that i'm just explaining it correctly
but none of this
i feel like it's going to be a real
eye-opening trip for the two of you and
we could go get bagels
i think it's gonna be a great time
i'm so excited for when it eventually
happens it's uh
yeah i think we're gonna i appreciate
jeff thinking we need a week i don't
know what we're gonna do we're going
crabbing do you have any
do you have well we might do a bathtub
race depending on what time of year we
go up there although i refuse to step
foot in canada in june that's not going
to happen
uh are there any museums in on your
island yeah you go to yeah there's a
museum there is a museum there's a few
museums check out the museum maybe go to
learn about the nanaimo bar
we uh we can do uh we can play tennis
you don't know the nanaimo bar gavin
what's the nanaimo bar it's like the
only thing that the place i live live in
is known for it's a dessert it was it's
called the nanaimo bar it's it's a it's
a pastry type it's uh you don't bake it
i don't think it's what makes it unique
it's like chocolate pastry it's well
it's like a chocolate brownie type thing
it's like chocolate with a layer of
icing
and then i'm into it i'll get three of
them yeah one of those there's coconut
the traditional recipe is is walnuts in
the bottom but people also use coconut
as a replacement oh i feel like i've had
that before yeah i'm sure you have it's
it's the denial bar it's all we have we
have that in bathtub racing
and andrew panton
and a vancouver child kicker that's the
name well
that's alleged you know we don't know
who that is we don't know where that
belongs vancouver technically not even
to nima it's a different place
can't take credit on that
oh that's like anything else they're
okay i don't i don't love them
um
is there anything else we can do what
does nanaimo have to offer can we play
tennis we can uh yeah we have that
we have a curling rink you probably
don't have one of those oh we'll go
curling i mean isn't that just an ice
rink though is that like a separate
specific rink
it's just yeah it's a different rink you
can't you can't just ice skate on the
curling rink so we have to do teams then
yeah i guess so who's on whose team
not it
i assume eric and nick are also coming
not yahoo
is that you you don't want to be on my
team
i need to review the video before i make
any draft picks i need to see the shovel
work done by both of you to determine
who i think would be the best on the
field do you think shoveling skills
translate to curling i think because the
broom you got the person on the broom in
the front
you don't stop the ice with the broom no
but mechanically they're very similar
motions i'll say this of gavin's
shoveling skills andrew if it helps that
video uh we had about an hour's worth of
footage raw footage gavin put all of his
shoveling stuff in the video you
[__] i saw shovel for one second
longer than what you watched you watched
the entirety of his effort
all right let's just see how the uh the
main cut of this video turns out
i got all the footage
i would say yeah it was mainly me
filming no i'm just kidding you filled
up probably
probably put in like 20 25 of the
digging you did too certainly broke the
hammer that was good yeah
i thought that hammer thing was such a
good idea
it was a great video
can you send me that later gavin that
video i just i just need to have it in
my life
i need to be able to go back and watch
it
are you going to be watching that event
tonight yeah i will i'll be laying down
you sent me a video once of um your
trash cans getting hit over and over
again by different things
it's like a it's like a three
it was like a three act story of like
your trash can got stolen and then you
got a new one and then the garbage truck
took it and then you got a new one and
then somebody hit it with a car and that
is the video yeah yeah yeah it was uh
well that was that's what doesn't really
come across in the video is that when
and it's recycling so it's every two
weeks when your recycling gets eaten
they don't bring another one until like
the next cycle so i'm missing a
recycling
if i wait two weeks for one to come i
have it for a week it gets swallowed
again by the truck
i request another one
you know we're talking like six weeks in
at this point i'm on my third bin the
neighbor steals it
i request another one and then uh
finally a car drives into it because um
my alcoholic neighbors went for a drive
[Laughter]
i'm a lot faster at bringing them in now
you live the real story of these people
hate cans but it's just everybody
specifically yours
it's just your can
oh
i missed you guys this is a lot of fun
i missed you too i
i'm excited to play halo again too
we need to do that we need to play games
again we need to record another episode
there's another thing we need to do we
should probably wrap up let's do that
right now on this one
well there you go you've gone and
listened to um that's my car talking
listen to uh wasted another hour uh
listening to uh click and clack and jeff
and gavin and uh eric and nick and
uh oh andrew uh and uh we sure hope you
enjoyed it because we enjoyed catching
up and
you know uh mixing it up a little bit
shooting the [__] as it were and uh
it was a good time and uh
so if you thought it was a good time why
don't you go ahead and drop a little
like down there or a plus one or a
i don't know a star five stars out of
five if there are more options put more
stars if it's 10 out of 10 stars do the
10 stars uh if it's on a 100 scale give
us you don't have to give us 100 but
give us like a 98 at least
make us at least as good as a condom is
uh effective and uh we'll see you next
time hey guys miner league fan jack here
with a look at next week's episode of
face it's episode 96 and the fridge
strikes back the boys go cup crazy gavin
has a good cat back tommy lee jones is a
face fan jeff is ready to hit some balls
and once again andrew does not eat the
pencil all that and more on next week's
episode of face